---
title: V2.3.2
permalink: /V2.3.2/
---

Testimonials from the community about the installation of DeFi Wallet
V2.3.2

## General recommendations for installation

- Before installation, make sure that your backup is stored in a safe
  place. For example, on a memory stick.
- Optionally, it may be useful to always run the DeFi Wallet on 2
  devices in parallel. This way you always have access to your coins,
  even if the update fails on one device. This helps to stay calm and
  not to get nervous.

## Known problems from the community with the installation

### Wrong addresses are displayed

One user reports that DeFi Wallet displays incorrect addresses after the
update. Some addresses that were not displayed before the update are now
displayed, and some addresses that were displayed and used before the
update are now no longer displayed.

This is very easy to explain. The DeFi Wallet with version 2.3.2 shows
all addresses after the update that own or once owned DFI UTXO. If you
have an address that only has tokens and no DFI UTXO, this address will
not be displayed after the update. You can add the address again
manually.

- [Create address#Display an old address
  again:](/Create_address#Display_an_old_address_again: "wikilink")

To check whether an address has DFI UTXO or not, you can use this
explorer:

- <https://explorer.defichain.com/#/DFI/mainnet/home>

To check if an address has DFI tokens you can use this explorer:

- <https://dex.defichain.com/mainnet/pool>

Please note that DFI UTXO and DFI Token are not the same.

## Transactions are not displayed in the history

This problem is well known. The developers are working on a solution.

### The wallet does not synchronize

Many antivirus programs are not compatible with Bitcoin Core and also
not with DeFi Wallet 2.3.2. Disable the antivirus software to run DeFi
Wallet.

### Insufficient amount

This error message seems to occur more often after the update to 2.3.2.
Solution:

- Create a new address: [Create address](/Create_address "wikilink")
- Send all tokens and coins to the newly created address: [Send all
  coins](/Send_all_coins "wikilink")
- Try again. Now it should work.

No help found? Go to [Debug.log](/Debug.log "wikilink")

### Please wait until your transaction has been added to the next block before proceeding with a new transaction

[center\|Error: Please wait until your transaction has been added to the
next block before proceeding with a new
transaction.\|link=<https://defichain-wiki.com/wiki/File:Photo_2021-02-26_17-16-45.jpg%7Calt=%7Cthumb%7C850x850px>It](/File:Photo_2021-02-26_17-16-45.jpg "wikilink")
is not possible to make a transaction. Solution:

- Create a new address: [Create address](/Create_address "wikilink")
- Send all tokens and coins to the newly created address: [Send all
  coins](/Send_all_coins "wikilink")
- Try again. Now it should work.

No help found? Go to [Debug.log](/Debug.log "wikilink")

## Comments

[thumb\|defi-app to DeFi
Wallet](/File:2021-03-22_16.34.04.png "wikilink") As of version 2.3.2,
the wallet is no longer called defi-app but DeFi Wallet. The old app
remains and must be uninstalled manually.

[center\|thumb\|800x800px\|old folder defi-app that can be
deletedThe](/File:2021-03-22_17.13.52.png "wikilink") folder
`/Users/*<username>*/Library/Application Support/defi-app` can be
deleted.