---
title: V2.3.1
permalink: /V2.3.1/
---

## General information about version V2.3.1

### Downdload source

- [Public GitHub
  link](https://github.com/DeFiCh/app/releases/tag/v2.3.1)

## Known bugs with this version

### Wallet does not start

[center\|900x900px\|alt=Test\|thumb\|DeFiChain app does not
start](/File:Bildschirmfoto_2021-03-11_um_18.11.38.png "wikilink")

Many users report that the wallet does not start after installation. We
have noticed that this problem occurs mainly with people who install the
DeFi App V2.3.0 or V2.3.1 for the first time. People who only install an
update have this problem less.

Error description:

The DeFi App with the version does not create blockchain folders.
Without this folder the app cannot work and therefore cannot start.

[center\|900x900px\|alt=\|Faulty
installation\|thumb](/File:Bildschirmfoto_2021-03-11_um_18.12.441.png "wikilink")
[center\|900x900px\|alt=\|thumb\|Correct
installation](/File:Bildschirmfoto_2021-03-11_um_18.13.50.png "wikilink")
Solution:

The installation of the blockchain files must be triggered manually.

open on Windows:
`C:\Users\"username"\AppData\Local\Programs\defi-app\resources\binary\win`

open on Mac: `/Applications/defi-app.app/Contents/Resources/binary/mac`

If you cannot find this directory: [Show hidden folders#Files in an
application](/Show_hidden_folders#Files_in_an_application "wikilink")

Start the file `defid`
[center\|900x900px](/File:Bildschirmfoto_2021-03-11_um_18.19.04.png "wikilink")
[center\|900x900px](/File:Bildschirmfoto_2021-03-11_um_18.03.07.png "wikilink")
The missing files are now created. After about 2 minutes, the window can
be closed again and the app works smoothly.

Feel free to add your knowledge to this Wiki page!

### More feedback from the community

Looks like a different defichain storage folder no longer works with
this version. I have copied over the created subfolders from blockchain
folder on c drive, but when i have the entry about other blockchain
folder (example D:\defichain) in config, the app will not start even
with the copied over folders from c drive.

-